README.md, before:

# ![Cirneco logo](https://raw.github.com/cirneco/cirneco/master/Cirneco.png) Cirneco

***Easy-to-use extensions for testing libraries***

Cirneco is a collection of libraries aimed to make the unit test cleaner and easier.
The more code you have to write, the highest is the probability to do a mistake. Moreover,
we like easy-to-read code, where the method name already embeds all the semantics that you
need to explain what you are doing.

Hence, in Cirneco we extended the most valuable unit testing toolkits to provide a better experience
to the developers and code tester.

# JDK compatibility
The API is JDK7 compatible.
There are dedicated matchers for JDK8 provided in a complementary API.


# Extended libraries
For now, we provided some extensions of the Hamcrest library boosted by some matchers based on Guava
or for Guava collections.






# What does it mean Cirneco?
Maybe you are curious about the name Cirneco. Cirneco dell'Etna is a unique dog native of Sicily, Italy.
It is very fast and agile, neat and friendly. A Cirneco is also excellent for hunting. So, all the quality
we love to have in an API.

Commit message:

Hamcrest extensions split in two modules, working on more unit tests and matchers

README.md, after:

# ![Cirneco logo](https://raw.github.com/cirneco/cirneco/master/Cirneco.png) Cirneco

***Easy-to-use extensions for testing libraries***

**Main Website:** *[github.com/cirneco/cirneco](http://github.com/cirneco/cirneco/)*
<br /> **Latest Release:** *0.0.1* &nbsp;
**Latest Artifacts:** *org.cirneco:hamcrest-extensions-jdk7:jar:0.0.1*, *org.cirneco:hamcrest-extensions-jdk8:jar:0.0.1* <br />
**Continuous Integration:** <br />
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/cirneco/cirneco.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/cirneco/cirneco) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/cirneco/cirneco/badge.svg?branch=master&service=github)](https://coveralls.io/github/cirneco/cirneco?branch=master) [![codecov.io](https://codecov.io/github/cirneco/cirneco/coverage.svg?branch=master)](https://codecov.io/github/cirneco/cirneco?branch=master)
[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/grade/7a4364b93df6473fb18a597e900edceb)](https://www.codacy.com/app/roberto-trunfio/cirneco)

![codecov.io](https://codecov.io/github/cirneco/cirneco/branch.svg?branch=master)

## What is Cirneco?

Cirneco is a collection of libraries aimed to make unit test in Java cleaner and easier.
The more code you have to write, the highest is the probability to do a mistake. Moreover,
we like easy-to-read and concise code, where the method name already embeds all the semantics that you
need to explain what you are asserting.

Hence, in Cirneco we aim to extend the most valuable unit testing toolkits to provide a better experience
to the developers and code tester.
The current version (*Cirneco 0.0.1*) provides some extensions fo Hamcrest for Java

# JDK compatibility
The API is JDK7 compatible.
There are dedicated matchers for JDK8 provided in a complementary API.


# Extended libraries
For now, we provided some extensions of the Hamcrest library boosted by some matchers based on Guava
or for Guava collections.






# What does it mean Cirneco?
Maybe you are curious about the name Cirneco. Cirneco dell'Etna is a unique dog native of Sicily, Italy.
It is very fast and agile, neat and friendly. A Cirneco is also excellent for hunting. So, all the quality
we love to have in an API.
